{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green204\blue211;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c82173\c83747\c85895;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Interviewer: Thank you for speaking with me today. Can you tell me a little about your cooking habits?\
Interviewee: Sure. I like to cook, but I'm always on the go with the kids and work, so I don't have a lot of time to spend in the kitchen. I try to use appliances that make the process faster and easier.\
Interviewer: That makes sense. What are some of your favorite appliances to use in the kitchen?\
Interviewee: I love my Instant Pot and my air fryer. They make cooking meals so much faster. I also use my food processor a lot for chopping and shredding.\
Interviewer: That's great. Do you have any tips for using these appliances effectively?\
Interviewee: I usually just try to figure it out on my own. I never read the manuals, but I watch a lot of cooking videos on YouTube to get ideas and tips.\
Interviewer: Do you have any favorite recipes that you like to make using these appliances?\
Interviewee: I love making soups and stews in my Instant Pot. It's so easy and everything comes out really flavorful. And my air fryer is great for making crispy chicken wings without a lot of oil.\
Interviewer: How do you balance convenience with the desire to create homemade meals from scratch?\
Interviewee: I do try to make things from scratch when I can, but it's not always feasible with my schedule. So I use a lot of pre-made ingredients and just try to make them my own by adding spices and flavors.\
Interviewer: That's a great approach. How do you clean and maintain your appliances?\
Interviewee: I'm not very good about cleaning them regularly, to be honest. But I do wipe them down after each use and make sure to clean the parts that touch food.\
Interviewer: Thanks for sharing your insights with me today. It was great talking to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 Interviewee: No problem, it was fun!\
}